This Package contains the newest version of Hussar Preview Edition. (Hussar Version 2.27)

Changes Since Last Release (Hussar Preview Version 2.21 Release):

Added more Latin extended character support

Slight Tweak to uppercase and lowercase O, and their derivatives in Latin, Greek and Cyrillic alphabets including uppercase Q, which is based on uppercase O.

Changed Cent sign to better match the style of the current Dollar sign.

New ordinal indicators based on current lowercase A and lowercase O.

New Degree sign based on current lowercase O.

New Currency sign based on current uppercase O.

New lowercase OE based on current lowercase O and E.

New, slightly wider uppercase OE.

Working on fixing issues with character width for lowercase L and it's relatives, including Iota and the lowercase J, plus fixes for lowercase I, not perfect yet, but improved somewhat from before.

Updated the Registered Trademark symbol to use current uppercase R.

Updated and/or tweaked several characters in the Phonetic Extensions set.

Tweaked lowercase R, and it's relatives.

New Polandball character added to PUA.

New Alternate character designs added in PUA.

New Small Caps drawn to replace old, outdated versions in PUA.

Swapped alternate Comma and Semicolon with old standard ones (new style as standard, old as alternates in PUA now).

Addition of a couple Coptic alphabet characters.

Tweaked and updated a couple Cyrillic characters.

Re-aligned the dots and adjusted character heights and dot-gaps on lowercase I and J.

Improved design for Norse Runic Numerals in PUA.

New Cannot Into Space Fonts Logo.

New Euro Sign.

Used FontForge Round to Integer function, which reduced overall font size by approximately 60 KiloBytes, and reduced SFD source size by approximately 200 Kilobytes.

Widened lowercase O by 10 percent, as it was a bit too narrow looking in comparison to other lowercase characters, certain relatives, such as the slashed lowercase O keep narrow width.

Switched several Runes to Elder Futhark and Younger Futhark forms, Medieval Futhark forms are alternates in PUA.

New lowercase B, D, P and Q designs, plus relatives in Latin extended sets.

And Much More

Re-designs and tweaks by:

Robert Jablonski, Mew Too and Jasper (New Designer) @ Cannot Into Space Fonts

"Crazy Dave" @  PlusOne Fonts